.TH IMAGEVIS3D "1" "May 19, 2009" "SCI" "User Commands"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
imagevis3d \- desktop out of core volume rendering application.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B imagevis3d
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBimagevis3d\fP
is a volume rendering application designed to handle extremely large data.  By
bricking a dataset (splitting it into constant-sized chunks) and only requiring
one chunk to be resident in main memory, ImageVis3D's memory usage remains
constant across dataset sizes.
.PP
ImageVis3D uses Tuvok to render and composite the bricks.  Tuvok relies heavily
on GLSL to provide accelerated volume rendering.  As such, a somewhat recent
video card is required.  In practice, this effectively means that Linux systems
currently require a nvidia card with nvidia's drivers.
.SH OPTIONS
The command line options of \fBimagevis3d\fP are:
.TP
.B \-script \fIfilename\fP
Runs the script file given in \fIfilename\fP.
.TP
.B \-log [\fIfilename\fP, \fI\-\fP]
Logs debug information \fIfilename\fP, or stdout (\fI\-\fP)
.TP
.B \-loglevel [\fI0\fP, \fI1\fP, \fI2\fP]
Changes the verbosity of the log.
.SH AUTHOR
imagevis3d was written by the SCI Institute, with support from the NIH NCRR and
DOE VACET programs.
