.TH uvfconvert "1" "May 3, 2010" "SCI" "User Commands"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
uvfconvert \- convert files to UVF.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B uvfconvert
.RI \-i
.RI \fIfile\fP
[ options ] \-o \fIoutput\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBuvfconvert\fP
is a command line tool to convert data into UVF, the native format for the
desktop volume rendering program
\fBimagevis3d\fP.
Unlike ImageVis3D, the tool can be run on headless nodes with no GPUs
installed, and utilizes very little memory even for extremely large
data.
.SH OPTIONS
The command line options of \fBuvfconvert\fP are:
.TP
.B \-i \fIfilename\fP, \-\-input \fIfilename\fP
The input data set to convert.  Must be in one of ImageVis3D's supported file
formats (see the "Getting Data Into ImageVis3D" manual).  For merging multiple
data sets, this option is accepted multiple times.
.TP
.B \-d \fIpath\fP, \-\-directory \fIpath\fP
Input data to convert, if stored as a stack in a directory.  Sets of images or
DICOMs commonly come in this format.

One of \-i or \-d is required.
.TP
.B \-s \fIfloating point number\fP, \-\-scale \fIfloating point number\fP
Optional.  When merging multiple data sets, this scaling factor will be
applied to all values in the second file.  Defaults to 0.0.
.TP
.B \-b \fIfloating point number\fP, \-\-bias \fIfloating point number\fP
Optional.  When merging multiple data sets, this bias factor will be
applied to all values in the second file.  Defaults to 0.0.
.TP
.B \-o \fIfilename\fP, \-\-output \fIfilename\fP
Required.  The filename which will be generated.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Optional.  Display a version number and then exit.
.TP
.B \-\-, \-\-ignore-rest
Optional.  Any arguments following these flags will be ignored by the program.
.TP
.SH AUTHOR
ImageVis3D and all associated software was written at the SCI Institute, with
support from the NIH NCRR and DoE VACET programs.

Our primary source of funding comes from demonstrating that our
software enables research.  Please contact us if you find ImageVis3D
beneficial.
